workers: increased logpush line limit (#7893)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/changelog.md

# Changelog

## 2023-03-06

> - [Workers Logpush](/workers/platform/logpush/#limits) now supports 300 characters per log line, up from 150 characters per line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Workers Logpush](/workers/platform/logpush/#limits) now supports 300 characters per log line. This is an increase from the previous limit of 150 characters per line.
```
